docs(#5018): add documentation for disable init endpoints annotations/args (#5020)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/configuration/howto-manage-configuration.md

{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Disabling configuration initialization endpoint" color="primary" %}}

> If your application does not use configuration building block, you can disable the automatic HTTP call to `/dapr/config` endpoint during initialization to reduce log noise. Use the `--disable-init-endpoints config` flag with `dapr run`, or the `dapr.io/disable-init-endpoints: "config"` annotation in Kubernetes. [Learn more about disabling initialization endpoints.]({{% ref "arguments-annotations-overview#disable-init-endpoints" %}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application does not use the configuration building block, the automatic HTTP call to the `/dapr/config` endpoint during initialization can be disabled to reduce log noise. Use the `--disable-init-endpoints config` flag with `dapr run`, or the `dapr.io/disable-init-endpoints: "config"` annotation in Kubernetes. [Learn more about disabling initialization endpoints.]({{% ref "arguments-annotations-overview#disable-init-endpoints" %}})
```
